well I think I'm gonna do a video today
on the simplicity I got the loader
installed on it and got the rotor killer
on the back for counterweight so a
little bit of snow outside and I'm gonna
take it out and move a few limbs off of
a bush I had a wall tree that I'd sold
here a little while back and when they
took it down when they top today
actually threw some of the limbs on top
of one of my bushes out there so I kind
of not real impressed with the guy that
topped it maybe I shouldn't say that on
here but I don't know I almost wished I
would have just topped it myself and
then kind of adjusted rate on logs or
something but so anyways here's the
simplicity got the loader on here it's a
simplicity loader and the tiller came
came from the simplicity dealer to I'm
not sure for simplicity simplicity made
the tiller or not but his tiller is
heavy and it really really works well as
a counterweight so I'm gonna go ahead
and start her up and then I think I got
a I'll have to use some chains and stuff
like yeah I'll have to get those around
but I'm gonna set a crackpot up out
there and do a little bit of footage
that way I don't have anybody here right
at the moment to do any filming with me
but we'll go ahead and I'll show you how
she starts and the cold pole it's pretty
cold out here I don't know if you'd call
it a cold start I'm not gonna worry
about calling a cold start or anything
but basically give her some toke
I've actually got a little bit of snow I
need to fall before I we're done his
limbs so I think I'm gonna set up let
you watch me
loader see how it works for snow
you know it does for zoom
okay that's what she looks like bounce
no no